00:00:00
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What's going on everybody? I wanted to come online and make a live stream just mostly dedicated to the KR320s. I've been posting a lot. I've been stepping up my game. on X on Twitter and um see that the a lot of a lot of interactions with my Caspa post or like KRC20 post mostly good some people hating some people hating saying that KRC20s are dead and they're never coming back. So I'm like well But we shall see. I will give it to them. They may be hating on a particular

00:01:55
narrative in the crypto market, but at least they're in the crypto market, right? Because we have we have uh hordes and hordes of fouryear cycle zombies that are still not in the market and they're not going to get back into the market until October. And they are the only reason now. They are the only reason why we're not above the 50we moving average just because of those zombies. God damn it. But the economy is very very very strong. And I'm going to get into the uh some of the economics first before I dive into

00:02:35
the KC20s. But it I think it's happening. What's happening right now is what I've been saying. and we're going to break down below this channel. But there are a lot of reasons why we would not and probably break out to the upside. But I do want to say that we have now we have a candle right here where the wick is below. See uh the wick is 78k $74 78,74. So we broke below we broke below 79 79K. So yesterday was like oh we had some really really bad CPI data but Bitcoin was still holding up strong.

00:03:22
The stock the stocks didn't like it. The stock market didn't like it. But Bitcoin was like I'm holding a line. I'm going to holding at 80K. And um but now today okay now it's like okay going down to 79K you know like oops and actually went it dipped below just uh moments back I guess below uh 79 went to 78 so we'll see what happens but there are a lot of reasons why it might not happen we might not go down and I mean stock futures edge up ahead ahead of presidency meeting we have been

00:04:03
having a lot and a lot of lot a lot of good economic data. We have been having some good earnings reports mostly good you know never 100%. But very very good. We have um you know we've had economic expansion since January right is PMMI we have had mostly good jobs reports and uh with exceptions here and there and that's what we need we need we need employers to compete for employees but we've had for at least six months now it's been getting intense it's been getting intense

00:04:46
this tugof-war, this leveling out of AI efficiency versus new employees. AI efficiency versus new employees, right? Bigger companies, they don't need as many people. They're realizing the headcount is not what they need because they can increase output, right, with less headcount. So, we get a lot of AI layoffs, but then it's like, okay, the economy is doing good. More people are hired. So, it's just endless tug of war and we can't seem to get those employment numbers like up and

00:05:20
skyrocketing, right? We can't seem to get it up because that's what we need, right? We need employers to compete to employ for employees and we need those wages to go up and we need people in general to feel happy about the money that they have in their wallet and then they need to be happy about spending on crypto to pump our bags. That's what they need to do. uh and it hasn't hasn't been happening yet. So, but we do have a strong economy and those are reasons those are reasons

00:05:48
why we are entering in to gigantic economic expansion probably bigger than the telecommunications boom that started in 1968. they gave their presentation on it and had its trouble had a lot of legal issues over about two decades and then suddenly in the 90s there was the explosion and it's known as the dot explosion I think what's going to happen right now is going to be even much bigger than that uh who knows it's probably going to be bigger than anything we've ever experienced right we had we had a boom

00:06:21
time in the 1920s right we had the automobile industry we had electricity we had the telephone and so on back in the 1920s we But yeah, who knows? This this is probably going to be the biggest econ economic expansion ever. We're just getting started. And it's it's a questionable where we are. Where are we, right? I've been saying we are 1992, right? We are 1992 of the telecommunications expansion right now. Uh some people seem to think 1996, 1995. I put up a few polls on YouTube and and on X asking questions

00:06:59
like that. Maybe I'll go into them. But um I think it's um 19. See, we were just in we were just in four years of um four years of like contraction sideways chop. This is ISM PMI. four years of the economy itself, not crypto, but the economy itself being in a bare market and um what happened in 1991 was 1990 1991 there was a recession and we were coming out of the recession in 1991 but Clinton managed to convince the public that you know we were tired of the recession we were tired of it and we

00:07:45
needed a change but people hadn't realized yet that the when the original George Bush senior was running for re-election, a widely popular George Bush Senior for many reasons. Uh it was expected that he was going to win, but he managed to convince the public that we needed to get out of the recession, but we already were out of the recession. 1992, the economic expansion was started, but nobody feel nobody felt yet. But credit to Clinton, in 1986, there was a telecommunications act that really uh

00:08:18
set things on fire and the economy really started going up. But so the question is where are we right now? And uh yeah, I mean, we'll get into all that, but I want to go into a lot of this stuff. It's really bad. My god, that's why I'm talking about I'm talking about all the good stuff. I'm talking about all the good stuff, but there was really really bad numbers today, right? probably the reasons why we broke down below 78 78K, right? Um the uh producer price index for those of you

00:08:52
who don't know is like an advanced indicator of the consumer price index because it gauges what it cost the producer to produce their goods before it gets passed on down to the consumer. Month over month prior was 0.2 to expected was 0.3. The actual the actual number was 1.0% month over month. Holy crap. That is really really bad. It just makes you think what's going to happen in the summer? Are we going to get a really really bearish summer? Right? Which is typical of a midterm year. But I think this time it could just be

00:09:35
coincidental. I'm not a four-year cycle zombie. I learned about one year ago I should look at everything else that might affect crypto that might affect the market, any market in general. And crypto is just one of those markets. Uh but yeah, then we had um PPI core PPI uh year-over-year it was prior was 4% which is not good. Expected was 4.3% which is even worse. Actual was 5.2%. Like oh my god. Yes. Not too good. So that's core PI API which excludes food and energy. Then we have PPI which includes food and energy.

00:10:27
And we had 0.7 month overmonth. expected was expected to actually get better at 0.5 and the actual was 1.4% month over month. Oh my god, dude. Yeah. So, this is bad, right? And then we have the year-over-year with the same year. I don't even know if I want to say this. This is so bad. This is so 4.3 was the prior, which is bad, right? Cuz we're already in the Iran war. Prior the straight of our moves was already closed, right? It was bad. Expected was 4.9 which is even worse. And then the actual was 6.0.

00:11:13
I don't even know if I have a button here. So yeah, it is what it is. Well, it's this tug of war. It's like this thing with AI layoffs versus new jobs being created. There's this tug of war. People just, you know, it's just the labor market can't just get up there, right? So now there's this tug of war between good earnings, everything is going well with companies and so on, but now we have this thing that's affecting like every like the little people is affecting everybody and it's expect it's

00:11:55
affecting the purchasing power of everybody. So this is going to hit us. this is going to hit us and you know we might get you know we might might actually regardless of what Fed chair is in right we got a new one everybody's celebrating because we got Jerome Powell out but you know this new guy Kevin Wars he what could you do if you're seeing numbers like this what what could you do the only thing you could do is uh is to raise interest rates Right. That's uh not going to make Trump happy. But there

00:12:33
are other things that are going on. Um you know there's theories. I saw this nice one from finance Freeman uh conspiracy theory that this hunter virus situation is going to be like a an excuse to lock things down because the straight of her moose has has decreased the the world supply. So now we have to bring down demand and and try to uh if you lock everything down then demand goes down. So it sort of lines up and you know it's a good way okay to crash the economy then we have insane amount of money print and it explodes.

00:13:15
Um who knows what could happen in that front. I have been seeing lockdowns for weeks right now in other countries. I've been seeing reports of lockdowns like different types of lockdowns um you know like oil oil lockdowns in other countries I've seen like in Bangladesh uh requirements to work from home uh I don't know I don't remember the countries exactly maybe Thailand was another one or the Southeast Asian Southeast Asian countries um and uh there's been restaurant lockdown

00:13:52
The red restaurant restaurant lockdowns are interesting. Remember the straight of hormuz is not only crushing the world's oil supplies crushing it's crushing like almost all supplies of everything right and the second biggest thing is liqufied natural gas like India. I was looking at some report on YouTube some story about um I don't know if the entire country of India versus like the other certain provinces or big cities they're they've uh shut down all restaurants just to preserve like liqufied natural gas for

00:14:27
for households or something like that or another um and India wasn't the only country there's restaurant shutdowns because of that and other countries as well And um you know this is really it's really bad you know that's uh it's not good. So even though we have this hunter virus situation and then we get um yeah I I doubt it. I mean from what I know about this hunter virus situation it's not going to spread like co but you know with co the biggest problem was that people could carry it and not get

00:15:01
infected and bring it to places and that's how it just spread all over the world like really easy. Nobody knew. Hunter virus isn't like that. And with this fatality rate, you you figure it out fast, right? It's like with Ebola, you're able to quarantine or like lock down certain areas fast before it spreads everywhere. But I don't know, you know, maybe maybe the powers that be want to do something like that and and if they want to I don't know, all the world is a stage and maybe who the hell knows. I think

00:15:37
that um one theory that I came up with yesterday in my lecture and I was just thinking that, you know, maybe it could be that uh Trump is kicking the can down the road, right? the Trump admin is kicking the can down the road because u they're waiting for Iran to develop and test a nuclear weapon and then it's like okay then it's like it's like Trump says you see that's what I was talking about and it's like an allout attack and then that wins him the that wins him the midterm

00:16:07
election right Iran at the same time maybe they're trying to kick the can down the road because they know all countries all countries that have a nuclear weapon are never attacked by another country with a nuclear weapon. They're trying to gamble on it that way, but I don't think that's the case. I think that if they detonate a test nuclear weapon, I think that, you know, it's it's it's curtains for them. I think that I think something's going to happen big time. Um, it just makes it's

00:16:36
like, if you think about it, it makes no sense from both sides. Like, why why is this ceasefire going on like this? I'll tell you if you search for Iran it's like this is the news right this is like the the news nonstop right we got and I've been seeing this like non-stop like ran war you know live tan vows no retreat bans says US making progress it's like what are they like gaslighting the public I I don't know like what what what is this that we're seeing in the news all the time from the Trump admin

00:17:09
like everything is good and and Iran is like screw you. You know, it's like uh press Iran to change course on the Gulf. US wants China to press Iran to change course on the Gulf. Yeah, we'll see. Something's got to happen. Something's got to give. Whether good or bad, something's got to give. And if it's good to say if China instance I ran to to uh to cooperate then then what you see here is a breakout out of this channel and then maybe like a maybe a good old smash against that

00:17:56
50week moving average whether above or resistance. But that's what we'll see if everything works out. And then we'll never never never ever ever ever ever again see a Bitcoin below 59K, at least not in our lifetime, right? Um I do have this theory that years out if we go into a very very massive massive economic expansion over the next four years or so. Um and then there's going to be gigantic crash after that. It's questionable. What's going to happen to Bitcoin? Is Bitcoin Bitcoin

00:18:33
going to go up to like 800K and then crash back down to like 50K or something? I don't know. Who the hell knows? But that's like that's so far out there that we don't even want to talk about that. We want to talk about what's happening like this month and next month, right? So, but yeah, one of the things happen next month is um one of the things that's happening next month is this. Yeah. The how do I say it in my micro video? the fastest the fastest insanely scalable fully implemented ghost. Right? For

00:19:22
those of you who don't know, I made some epic videos in the past about Conan, right? Conan and um and Croak and so on and a few others, right? Maybe broke too, right? Um let me check some comments. Still holding some nacho bags. YEAH. >> YEAH. >> YEAH. I still got I haven't sold almost anything. I haven't sold haven't sold much losing light on that light. Nacho Vegas KRC20 bag. Yeah, maybe steal zeal or zel, right? Ellis. Yeah, he's a great founder. Okay. Yeah. Um,

00:20:15
yeah, I still got a lot of of these KRC20 tokens. I got like some of them are like a like insane bag, right? Like like totally insane bags. So, I probably have like uh I don't know, you know, like of the supply, you know, like half a percent or 1% almost one or something like that. Yeah, I got some insane. But um but hopefully they're pumped. If they don't do anything, they don't do anything. I got these haters. I got these haters, you know, in my comments on X saying that um saying that

00:20:51
that you know KRC20s are dead. But the thing is like if you don't get in, you know, you know, okay, if you know if nothing happens and it's really nothing happens to KC20s, I'm like oh whatevers, man. I'm like I invested some money in it and you know maybe I lost. I mean, that's fine, but if if I did invest and things skyrocket, I'm like kicking myself in the ass, right? Cuz you could potentially some of these projects the market cap is so low, my god, dude, like 100k or even less

00:21:22
that if in some parabolic run where Casper is a huge success, KFC 20s are going to be a success, too. They're going to be a success. and you realistically looking like a thousandx on some of these or maybe a 500x or whatever it is. But I mean, whatever it is, you gota you got to know how to play the game, right? Like if if they don't do good, then I got my other stuff. Like I just made a 98x a 98x on lab. My god, in a bare market. >> Holy crap. >> Holy crap. You guys know about that? a

00:22:02
98x. Man, I called this back in I called this thing back in October. Look at that. Like, oh my god, dude. >> Oh my gosh. Oh my god. >> Yeah. Yeah. And we were seeing some pumps just just today reporting like we have another DeFi token that was pumping up like 3x over the last three days and like up like 7x since like um March, February. There's another token, right? Because, you know, I have these highly, highly advanced bots. They call tokens, so I don't necessarily have to call it,

00:22:38
right? You know, because you can see insider alert. These are the bots, right? DJ Monitor. These are the bots, right? So, and if you're in my if you're in my Discord, you you'll be able to see a channel where these are called. And somebody just said today that they played a token that was called like back in February and they're already up 5x on it. Like I didn't call it. I didn't play it. But that's the point. That's the whole thing. And in my community, you don't have to rely on me to make a call

00:23:08
because you have these highly advanced bots that are doing it too. It's always good to know that I'm making a call, right? Uh just somebody know if everybody knows I made the call, then I must like it and then I'll try to play it too. But you don't have to rely on me because uh that's the way it works. I had that I always like to point out that Farcoin was called I didn't play it initially. I had a couple members that did and you know they made like some serious coin man like serious coin. Two

00:23:34
of them two of them made uh you know five digits like tens of thousands of dollars. So yeah man it's it's crazy. But um but yeah going back to the KRC20s right? Well, I'm going to X. Uh, I just reshared one of my original uh my hyper editor videos. You know, this is what I used to do back in the day. I used to um I was like trying to learn how to be a really good video editor and I used I used to make all variant topics, right? Originally it was like a coding channel, right? Code monkey Mike, right? Then I

00:24:13
was like I just want to talk about what I like. So I started posting about things related to finance, the economy and so on, you know, anywhere from like supply chain issues during COVID or maybe, you know, just economic things, banks. I just had a lot of video about banks and so on, credit cards, whatever. But then I was like, okay, I'm just going to focus I'm I'm going to focus just on crypto and it's working out. But yeah, this is one of my vids. If there's ever been a coin that could

00:24:44
take over a network, it's Conan. Conan is the top dog, the king and Kine of Casper. Before Conan, I considered K-pop to be the dog of Casper, but these guys just came in and claimed dominance, and it's rightly deserved. The market cap and trading volume just can't lie. Now, I have been investing in Yeah, you can check it out if you want or go to my channel. This is the vertical version, right? I have the uh the long form version, too. What's going on here? Let me see some more comments. What's going on?

00:25:20
Nacho to billions. Yeah, Nacho to billions. Nacho, I think, is um Let me pull this up. Nacho. Nacho is 3.6 million. Yeah, I it it is possible, right? It is possible on a parabolic run. Now Casper like it is very possible right now like realistically to see Casper do 100x from where it is. So 1 billion market cap 3 cents. So you're talking about 100 billion and it'll be uh $3. It is possible, right? Because if the crypto market is going to expand like tremendously expand and rival the global stock market cap then yeah it is

00:26:10
it is very very very realistic and then you get a 100x out of out of Casper like that then it's like okay what's going to happen with Nacho it's going to be in the billions it could be you could be looking at thousandx territory more or less right not financial advice godamn get punched in the goddamn balls if there's no there's never financial advice in this channel. Jesus Christ, man. Are you out of your mind? There you go. Um, yeah, but I'm going to go into all of these.

00:26:48
So, >> meanwhile, there's >> Yeah, there's one thing. So, there's a there's a couple of um there is a couple of things. Um there's a couple of reasons like they're talking about there's reasons why we will go up, right? There's the reasons why we'll go up and break out to through the upside of this channel, break out up through resistance or just come crashing back down. Um but there's, you know, there's a few things there. There's um we have to consider the Clarity Act.

00:27:21
There's there's like um uh you know I don't like some of the language I'm hearing when it comes to rewards and yield on stable coins. I don't like some of the language. Um it's very very nice to have yield and stable coins, right? Because if you just make if something pumps and you have, I don't know, let's say like $50,000 you cash out of a of a token you just did like a 20x on or whatever, right? and you cash out and you want to hold in the stables on on your exchange and you want to earn

00:27:49
interest, you're talking about hundreds if not thousands of dollars depending on how many months you're holding if you're earning yield on stable coins. But there's some talk that I don't quite understand. Um I mean I guess I do understand it, but it's so vague uh thus far. Uh yeah, I want to This is uh Brian Armstrong right here. spoke with the CEO of Coinbase, Brian Armstrong, late yesterday on whether those issues have been resolved. Watch. >> Well, there's been a compromise. And so,

00:28:24
you know, it's a true compromise because both sides left a little bit unhappy. And so, on this stable coin rewards issue in particular, we met the asks of the bank lobby and the Senate and they said they don't want to have any rewards paid on idle balances. And so we came up with this compromise or or concession uh that rewards could be paid as long as there was some sort of material activity on the account like a payment or or a trade that had taken place. And I've got to give a lot of credit to senators also

00:28:52
Brooks. And >> yeah, who knows what's going to happen with that. I don't know how many of you uh feel strongly about that when it comes to yield and stables. I think you should, right? Because you should be trying to earn as much yield as possible, right? This is the magic of compounding. just compound after, you know, it grows on top of each other. It keeps building. That's how you build your wealth. But aside from all that drama, what would the clarity act? The other the good news is there's clarity.

00:29:19
There's going to be clarity on what is what, right? And that's going to open up the door to new investors. Investors that uh you know like institutions that didn't want to be bothered before because there's no clarity. Uh so the bill is named perfect has a perfect name to it. There's no clarity on what you know what laws are in place and what can and cannot happen or they can or they should not do and whatever. And that'll like open up the doors for to a whole bunch of investment by institutions and

00:29:51
even just retail you know retail with you know more money than average. So that that right there could be enough to send us uh flying above the 50e moving average. I I would I would believe. Um, yeah. I mean, it's it's uh it's it's really strange like what's going to almost everything points to us flying and having some really good times in the next month or so. I think we're being pulled back down by the straight of a moon situation. Really, really being hugged on, right? Being yanked on. The other

00:30:32
thing is that I've been seeing uh a lot of people talk about the White House is going to announce uh its plans for the strategic Bitcoin reserve in a few weeks and if they announce that they're going to start stacking Bitcoin, that's going to send us straight to a new alltime high like almost instantly. I like you wake up one day and there's there's a god candle like smashing right right above the you know the 50e moving average and it's going straight up if that something like

00:31:04
that happens. So uh who knows what's going to happen for mostly for the most part there's good news across the board with almost everything. We have the Fed injecting dollars into the economy printing money. We have we have um you know we have employment is doing pretty good even though there's AI layoffs but the companies that are laying off are increasing output you know they're productivity is increasing so the the expansion is going to you know get going those those bulls are going to start

00:31:38
running everywhere right so it's just the straight up moves it's really thrown a wrench into the machinery um and and I do have concerns about it I do have a lot of concerns it's because it's bad. I mean, it's bad. It's It'll It's enough for to have wars, who was supposed to be dovish, come in and just start raising rates. That's how bad it is. So, but yeah, I mean, we'll see. We'll see with that. We got this Iran stuff. Oh, yeah. I want to get into um

00:32:12
get into some of this. Let me go back into these. Oh, really? I don't know anything about Okay. Okay. Gam virus, dude. Bro, I don't know. I'll look into that afterwards. Thanks for the info. But yeah, let's go, man. Let's go. Hey, man. Rocket ship. Yeah. You were you were a top 10 Conan holder. You were. So you are not anymore. I guess somebody pushed you down because you just said Nacho is your biggest bad. Oh, say Nacho. Conan. Okay. I'm thinking say you are a top 10 Conan holder. Yeah.

00:33:02
I mean I think it's easy to be a I don't know about maybe a top 10 or whatever. Like some of the market caps are so low that you can just go throw in like a thousand or a couple thousand bucks and then it's like oh you're like almost almost like near to a whale, right? Um but um yeah, the do boom didn't start. This is the poll that I was just focused on before the docom boom didn't start until 199 didn't start in 1995. It started in 1968 with 25 plus years of legal infrastructure. the mania was uh the

00:33:38
mania was the visible 5%. So, but going back to what's going on here, uh the build out of um you know, AI, let's say, let's say the AI expansion started in 2012. was going to happen a lot faster than the telecommunications uh expansion because telecommunications they were dealing with, you know, like monopolistic control uh being enforced by the government and people having to sue the government for blocking progress and so on and having, you know, illegal illegal monopolies and so on. So, it

00:34:20
took a long time for it to expand. That's why I think it's going to happen much faster with AI because that those type of uh legal roadblocks just don't exist and um infrastructure is being built out and now it's time for the mania. Right? So, but I believe so there's 11 votes so there isn't much on this one. Right? But I believe is we're in 1992 but as I say 1992 to year 2000 is eight years. I don't think it's going to be eight years right now. I think it's gonna happen a lot faster.

00:34:51
So with with that in mind, maybe we are in like 1990, 1995, right? And we got four or five years like of of an epic um.com explosion type of expansion ahead of us, right? We're just getting started. Maybe we are in 1995 uh from that perspective. So there 1995 Netscape moment starting. Yeah. Um having what what uh oh so 17 oh I not using the same account here I see 20 so it will be bigger right yeah Um, so yeah, we'll see. We'll see what's what's going to happen. What's going to

00:35:51
happen, right? What's going to happen? Now, let's go into some of these. Um, I was looking at I was trying to give a lookie on some of these. And some of these I've never heard of. I don't know. Humpy. Does anybody drop a comment if you know what this is? Humpy. I was taking a look at it like some of them have just popped up and they got a I mean I mean it's active. That's one thing I talked about yesterday. I was like not only these fourear cycle zombies do a good deed for us, right?

00:36:34
They created a situation where the market dumped artificially just because they believe there's going to be a bare market and they caused it. So they allowed us to accumulate and it's going to be a transfer of wealth from them to us, right? To us who are in the market in a bare market in a bare market, right? But one thing they also did was they made it so that we can see what projects are good and bad because the projects that are sticking around in a bare market are the ones we know are going to stick around

00:37:02
for a while and we can invest in them. Right? If if if you see some token that starts losing centralized exchanges, right, and they start they don't post anymore, they don't post any content, they're like, "Okay, maybe they checked out." There could be some few minor cases where maybe it's a meme coins, the devs checked out, and then a rally starts and and and we're above the 50 moving average and like, "Okay, let me get back in, relaunch. Let me just reactivate the

00:37:31
project." That could happen. But in most cases like in most cases you see you can see the winners you you differentiate the different differentiate the winners from the ruggers from the ruggers. So, um, but yeah, a lot of these, so nacho seal, this was always strange, the cast BTC for me. I don't know why I don't know why anybody would buy that. But the the strange part is that some of these have some of them with a I got this is a 413K. That's a relatively high market cap this.

00:38:12
Oh yeah, Cas Caspie is one of my favorites. Hell yeah. Totally totally. Um yeah, I I wish Cass FYI thinking of websites here. Um this was I I miss casty so much. This is this is a pain. So you sort like this. You you get all the scam coins. 151 trillion, right? Then it's like, okay, this is ascending order. So, you get all the crap, zero market cap, and then you get randomness here. So, Caspie down here is 1.1 million, but you have smaller numbers up here. But, um, one one thing I noticed is strange. I

00:39:10
can tell like I noticed. So, right. So, okay. Cassie. Cassie. I think I thought I had some Cassie. I thought it was a pretty pretty cool meme. There was the Yeah, it was like a like a cute anime girl. That was pretty cool. um like a a feminine mascot, you know, uh for Casper. I thought I thought it was pretty cool. But the thing is has a 1.1 million market cap, but um I can't find any activity with it. I mean, this is Yeah, count suspended. Why on earth does this have Does anybody know any anybody know the rundown with with um

00:40:01
with Cassie? They have some really good pictures. you know, they were doing some really good pictures, but 1.1 for something like I can't even find any of their content. I don't know, man. That's kind of nuts. Um, I don't know. We'll see what happens with that. Oh, yeah. I was looking at I was I tried to find Bommo uh Komo the KFC20. It looks like the account Bommo Casper is dead. His account doesn't exist. 46K, but the BOMO on the same team, Bommo on on base is uh is active. I don't know what's

00:40:49
going on. You know, I think it's like I think in that case too, I think it's just a case of like, oh, devs are like, okay, C20s are dead, so they're not doing anything. Then once they see there's some sort of activity, they might just reactivate. But I think Wolfie is pretty good, but I don't have any. There's Kango. Uh, I don't know. I I forgot what it was. I thought there was something uh there was some FUD around Kango. I guess I don't don't recall what it is. It's

00:41:22
just it's been like a year or something since I've thought about it. So, um if that's but I guess it's not an issue if there's still a 600k market cap. So, I think Kango that's that's all right. Slow this I think slow I never got any. Yeah, slow is the name of the turtle. This is uh Jonathan's turtle. Hello. I never got any, but hey, uh it has potential. Casper, I think it's an excellent meme. Maybe I think I think Casper Casper the Ghost is probably more of a fitting mascot

00:42:00
for the Casper network than Nacho. Nacho no longer makes any sense, right? because it was the cat of of um was it Shai Shai or how do you say his name? One of the lead devs that is no longer a lead dev. So doesn't make any sense and Nacho is like the the mascot character of the Casper network. Uh it makes perfect sense for Casper Casper, right? Because it's a ghost dag. It's a fully implemented ghost, right? So it makes sense that the mascot of the the network is a ghost and it's a 300k market cap. It's

00:42:40
onetenth that of Nacho. Um but yeah, I think how they doing. Let's let's check their page. Still lack their page, right? Yeah. All right. So, we got Croak. Bert. Yeah, Bert. Here's another one. Oh, man. I hope it's just one of those deals where it's like, okay, the devs checked out for bare market and they're coming back. Where did I find? So, Bert So Bert is dead. I can't find anything on it. It's almost like Cassie. I can't find uh but then the strange part so it's not

00:43:30
like Bowmo so right same team base chain and Casper Bommo on Casper is dead but Bommo on base doesn't seem to be dead right but Kurt on Casper is dead however Bert on Casper is dead but Kurt on base is also dead so if you go to Kurt I thought it was pretty cool. It was like Bert's evil brother. I thought I thought it was pretty cool. So, anybody knows that happened with these guys, let me know cuz even even Kurt on base is dead. Count doesn't exist and the website. Um it would be nice if this is one of

00:44:18
those things where, you know, they're still on Growax. They still have a centralized exchange, but it would just be nice as one of those things where suddenly um this is the pump for the week. People are still buying and selling it. Yeah, it'll be nice if it's one of those things where they just uh just reactivate. Be nice. I'm just saying it'll be nice. All right. And there's also the consideration that maybe other people will like uh do a uh a takeover, right? 10x will be much higher.

00:45:00
Brian's still active. Yeah, Brian's still active. Yeah, Brian was in my live stream yesterday morning. Totally. Yeah, man. Yeah, he said what's up in my stream yesterday. Um, Simon, I have no idea what you were referring to will be a 10x, but I'm sure it will. Just let me know. Uh, oh, this is a previous message. Got it. Funny. Caspie or bust? The Caspie will be a 10x. Okay, I got it. I got it. I got it. Gaspie. Um, yeah, it's, you know, it's hard to say. It is totally, this is like one of the

00:45:46
most difficult, uh, one of the most difficult networks to target. And who knows what's going to happen with the KC20. It's 10x. I mean, it could parabolic top. Casper is an enormous success. Casper does 100x, then the KC20 is going to do a lot a lot like that as well. I mean, it could be it could be a thousandx for Caspie. You never know. Or it could be like a like a like a 5x or less, you know? It's just like it could never it could never get back to its alltime high. I I forgot what Caspie

00:46:19
was, but Caspby, I think, was in the at least in the tens of millions, right? Alltime high, like 20 million or something. Um, but um yeah, I know it's uh but you never know. It's just hard to say, man. Jeez, dude. With lab, those of you guys know that guys of you guys don't know, I had a target with lab. I had a target with lab for for 20x. 20x, man. At a at the top of the bull run, I had a target for lab at 20x. And like we ended up doing like a 98x in a bare market. In a goddamn bare market.

00:47:04
Holy crap. >> Unbelievable, man. Unbelievable. Yeah. Zreck is a is a 1000x mid longterm easy,000x. Um, how are you figuring that? I think you I think you uh typed an extra zero there by accident. You're talking like this is going to be a 300 billion market cap. Holy crap. Let me pull up my sheet because I'm already talking about my sheet. I was I was I was giving lab a 20x. I'm like Jesus Christ. Like maybe I maybe I'm like hold on. This is a I'm like maybe maybe I'm uh doing

00:48:20
Let me get back to this. Anyway, I'm a little bit a little bit too conservative sometimes. favorite coins. Yeah. Simon says he knows what he holds. Um, so yeah, I figure I keep this rather I'm not going to give this a new target cuz you know what with lab we were at like a 67x and I was like okay maybe we're going to make it up to 80x and then the next day we went to 98 98x. Oh my god, dude. It's unbelievable. It's like woo, >> oh my god. Uh, so I'm just going to leave my original targets and just see

00:49:21
what happens and see how uh, you know, at the end of the at the end of the cycle, whenever the cycle top may be, I'm going to look look back at this and try to evaluate how my targets were. So far, um, I I have underestimated something on my favorites list. So ZBCN like here we go with ZBCN. I gave it a 10x. Um, and the 10x is from 200 million, right? So, that's a two billion. That's what I gave it. Now, maybe it might be a little bit too conservative like with lab, but um like a 10x from here. So, lab is uh let

00:50:06
me switch back over. Oh, sorry. ZBCN is so yeah ZBCN is 300 million. So we're talking about three billion rather than than two billion. So I gave it I gave it a when I when I did that target it was at 200 million. I gave it a 10x to two billion. That's that's what I was saying. Now can I make it to three billion? Maybe. Um but can I make it 300 billion? I don't think so. Oh man. Yeah, I would never laugh a little bit. Yeah, that's that's you know more probably more power to you

00:50:47
man. But I you know I always say just spread out spread out just spread out among among different tokens because some pump before others before others right because with lab now it's just like in my group right we have all these calls that are called by my highly advanced bots and now we have funding we have dry powder that we can we got from lab from cashing out and now we can rotate ated into others. Now we have more money in other tokens and when those start doing the multipliers, we got more money and we

00:51:26
don't have to rely on a single thousandx from from just one token that might not happen. So uh you know it's one of those things, man. It's just try to just risk management. Yeah, you know just try to uh you know not go all in on something that you might lose everything in, right? Um it's a very crazy prediction because if you look at the biggest cryptos they all have something in common uh they are all layer ones and ZB ZN is not that ZBCN uh ZBCN is not a layer one. I know the

00:52:12
token is traded on the token is traded on Solana, but I think they have their own uh network, right? Because it's a payment network. Let's let's open it up. Coin from what I understood, it's like KA, right? Kita is traded on base, but it has its own network, right? It's like is it is it own layer one? So do I not understand ZBCM properly? Let's um let's ask Gemini, right? Give Gemini know is ZB CN a layer layer one is not gener is generally not classified as a layer 1 blockchain itself but a

00:53:15
rather module ecosystem that utilizes a layer three chain for high performance financial transactions. So okay um while the project is developed as its own Zbec chain is currently primarily operates on the Nautilus chain. Okay so this is something I didn't know it's good that I got this comment um and base a layer 2 Ethereum solution. Okay, the layer three, the core network, the core of the network is a Nautilus chain designed for lowc cost, high-speed streaming payment. So yeah, it's

00:53:52
something like that. I guess it's just um All right. So yeah, it's not a layer one, but it's not it's not like a meme token either, right? So it's Who partners with ZBAC? Uh, who partners with ZBAC? I see something here guys. You have to be a layer one in my opinion to get all these kind of numbers and even a big giant like Salana is not 100 billion. Yeah, Simon, I think I think what we're trying to say is that uh it's a long shot to get to 300 billion. I'm like I would expect Casper to get to

00:54:52
300 billion before Zbec does, you know, in some far distant future or 10 years from now, whatever it may be, right? Uh, you don't mind waiting in 2030? Yeah. I mean, I think we're going to I think we're going to be in the the most insane economic expansion ever. I think that Yeah, I've been saying for a while the cycle top is going to be in 2027, but it's possible we're going to see new all-time highs like every single year with Bitcoin. Like literally every single year. Like we've already seen it,

00:55:31
right? Like we've seen we've seen this the four-year cycle broken earlier on that Bitcoin made a new all-time high of like 70k before the having. Then it was like, okay, the four years what's wrong with the four-ear cycle, right? So that was in 2024 and then there was a new alltime high in 2025. You know, maybe we're going to do a new alltime high this year or if not, it'll be next year. and then maybe it'll just keep on going. I think the I think the reason why we might get a new alltime high this year

00:56:06
because we got a lot of stuff a lot of good stuff that I mentioned at the beginning of the stream. Uh we have bad stuff too of course straight off a hose. But if like let's say for example if this all the circumstances were the same as they are right now in October like let's say this is October right now. This is October. Um you're going to see a lot of people that uh that think that the bottom is October. they'll just start buying back in. So like I think when I think when October

00:56:44
comes around and the fourear cycle zombies realizes that that we're not at like 35k or whatever the whatever ridiculous prediction that they're giving it. We're not all the way down there. They're going to be like, "Holy crap, I screwed up. Let me get back in." And they're going to they're going to push Bitcoin like a few notches up. you know, whether it be all-time high territory or if not, I mean, or they're going to get back in once if something happens with the Clarity Act getting

00:57:16
sign in in in the summer or this announcements where the Bitcoin strate strategic reserve we're going to get an all-time high and then the four-ear cycles I mean, is it going to buy back into? I I think that I mean there is an argument to be made under various circumstances why there might be a new alltime high this year. Even even if the government doesn't announce they're going to start stacking Bitcoin and the Clarity Act doesn't get signed. Uh I think the four-ear cycle zombies

00:57:48
they're going to start buying back in at the end of the year anyway. So the there's some good arguments to be made about why we could go to an alltime high. See I see you guys are talking layer one is a meta. Yeah it's just Yeah. I mean that's the thing with layer ones. The layer ones are usually the ones that pump. Right. Speaking of which, we've got a couple of new layer ones in my group that we played. One of them already pumped. We did like a 200 or so some odd percent pump on it and it came

00:58:30
back down. I called it just like two months ago. There was another one that I called and it's on my favorites. That one is on my favorites list. And there's another one that I called. I think it was back in October. Same time I called Lab. Did a 98x man. Oh my god, man. I did a freaking 98x. Oh my god. Yeah, but there's another layer one. I'm thinking of putting it on my favorites list as well. So, if you guys want to get in and get in on the biggest group ever, man. Uh yeah. I mean, we're going to Let me get I see

00:59:04
you guys are chatting a lot right now, man. Let me let me get back into my KFC20s. Um, some of these some of these market caps I just find really weird. Like KK K is just like a strange copy of Pepe K and yet it has a 235k market cap. You get others like I just think it's bizarre. Why is Conan below the market cap of KK 235 versus uh 163? I mean, when retail comes back and people start flooding into the markets, are they really going to choose KK over Conan? Are they going to FOMO into KK? I don't

00:59:52
I don't I don't think so, man. I don't know. Um I think Doll K is all right. That's pretty good. Like why not? Okay. Give me a strange dog with a K because of Casper. Yeah, I was talking about this yesterday, right? We have dog dog runes, right? Dog on Bitcoin and has tons of centralized exchanges and we have dogs on a ton network. I have has an insane amount of centralized exchanges, right? It's like unbelievable. Like over a hundred. Was that number is crazy, you know? It has a

01:00:31
generic name. I I think Doll K is all right. At least they add the K. Uh I don't know about full moon. I don't know. Osmo. I don't know. Who knows? Who knows what's going to happen? Maybe people going to start buying Pac-Man, right? That has a wicked icon. That little that little icon right there. See what they got going on. That looks wicked. I like it. Look at that, man. That looks awesome. That's like hell yeah. They're still posting. This is reposted six hours ago. Is this Crypto Archie?

01:01:25
Yeah, they reposted Crypto Archie. Um, they're doing a lot of repostings. They're not posting content or at least they're active. They're like, "Hey, yeah, just let us know when KC20 start pumping again and we'll start making content." Maybe that's what it is, right? But I I like the logo. I like this. I think it's wicked. I think people I think new retail especially uh people who are young like younger than 25 I might FOMO into buying something like this. If Cass becomes if

01:01:57
Casper Casper becomes the talk of the town and a parabol a parabolic runup they would buy this. Why not right? Um. Oh, yeah. I don't know what's going on with Bert. I'm really sad to see Bert and Kurt and Kurt. Crazy. Hold on. Uh, we have all these all this nonsense right here. Like, why why the hell we have all this nonsense, man? I miss FYI. Kuro. Yeah, why not? I got a ton of Kuro. I got a ton of Kira. Hopefully it pumps. Buy a nice Lambo with that one, right? Jesus. Hopefully it pumps.

01:02:49
Uh, yeah, they haven't posted since January, but we'll see. At least the page is still active, right? Um, Croak first class. So, I saw Croak. Yeah, Croak. Croak did like a what is like a 6x from here to here. It's up 6x this week. Broke. And uh they posted a video. I don't know if you hear my daughter in the background. She's over there screaming like a lunatic on her phone. My god. Um, so yeah, this is this up 100% of the day. This is gross. Yeah, for those of you guys who don't

01:03:45
know, uh, videos now right here. I go home. Check out some of my vid. You'll go down here, scroll to my home feed on YouTube. Check out Epic Vids, right? These are the ones that I put like a lot of lot of work into. Then you get into some older ones that are not necessarily see MF freed. But yeah, I made a music video. This is a music video. So when uh Mr. Beast beat T-Series, so it's not all crypto if you go back in the past, right? What? Croak. Croak. Croak. Croak. I love Croak. >> Yeah,

01:04:24
>> there's this hot new meme point on the Casper network called Croak that's destined to be one of the best blue chip plays of them all. As you know, Casper is the new kid on the block. One with enormous potential. It's a lightning fast, insanely scalable proofof work, fully implemented ghost. And it's the world's first trillemma solver. big- time investors as well as some of the sharpest minds in the crypto space have their eye on it. And that's part of >> Yeah. So, go watch that if you want to

01:04:55
take a look. Epic video. Took a lot of time to make these goddamn things. Um, yeah. Oh, hell yeah. Like if you're stacking ZBCN and you're not stacking any layer ones. Yeah. Not financial advice around here, but yeah, I would do that. Tao and um some good layer ones, right? Cal, Caspa, uh Toncoin, like I I was saying like if if Casper hadn't existed, I if if there, you know, Casper was never born, I would be a Toncoin maxi right now. uh in this cycle or maybe I might be switching over to

01:05:43
towel. Um but yeah, coin is pretty toncoin was pumping just last week with a whole bunch of all the ton tokens, all the memes on on the ton network, they were pumping really hard. Uh pumping like crazy, right? Um and uh yeah, check them out, you know, check out any layer ones. Sue maybe say depends on what's pumping or what's not. Right now things are generally going back down today. So we'll see what happens. Let's see if it keeps going back down. Um I don't have any say but

01:06:19
yeah I mean some of them are good place at least I acknowledge player ones in the meta they use a lot. Yeah for for example the most professional projects are built on e Yeah. Yeah. But I what? Yeah, Casper's my thing. Casper is definitely my thing. So I think that in the long run Casper is going to win. You know, like what is it, you know, when like when institutions like uh are looking, you know, like are looking around in next financial reset uh institutions are looking around for what to invest in. you know, they're not

01:07:02
going to be looking at memes. They're not going to be looking at, I don't know, layer threes like ZBCN, you know, they're not going to be uh they're going to be looking at, you know, they're going to be looking at layer ones and they're going to be looking at for what's secure, right? For what's scalable, guys, this is my my Croak video. An insanely fast uh you know, a f what did I just say the Croak video? um insanely scalable, you know, fully implemented ghost stag,

01:07:33
right? They want instant settlement. Obviously, of course, you get that with ZBCN. Um it's always nice to have something that's decentralized. Uh so you don't have to answer to answer to one centralized authority. In some cases, especially with the government, they like centralization, so they can just do whatever the hell they want. But if you're a smart investor, you probably don't like that. And uh they want something that's going to be, you know, under stress online under

01:08:06
stress that can handle insane insane amounts of volume. Uh, I'm in something like Rev Lab right now. It has the same properties. Big head listed and see Lab investor broke. Yeah, man. Broke. Yeah, broke is broke is broke is cool, man. Totally. Yeah. For those of you who don't know, like the the devs, there's a lot of crossover in case anybody's new here. I doubt there's anybody new, right? because everybody out there is um everybody out there, you know, it's a bare market, so you probably been

01:09:14
sticking around. Everybody's gone. Hardly anybody is a newbie. If you're a newbie, join my community, too. My community is is open to newbies. Newbies are welcome, right? And you become an advanced trader, you know, over time, right? I got courses, too. Click the link in the description below. Um, go back. Yeah, broke broke has a low market cap right now just like everything else. I bought back in few days ago. I was swing trading. Uh, but for those of you who don't know that, yeah, broke croak croak

01:09:54
on Casper, broke on base. They're the same teams. Yeah, everybody's uh connected. They have different coins and uh different networks. I mean, you know, they're on different networks. Um, Bulmo on Caspa and Bommo on base is the same team. Uh, there's Bomit, there's Comet on Casper. Let's look at Comet and they did their own thing. They end up doing Bomit. I love the Bomit character. This wicked wicked wild dog. Let's go to This is a comment on Casper Twitter. So, they're the same teams. Yeah.

01:10:35
Um, and there's, you know, there's what is there's other crossovers. There's, um, I'm drawing a blank. What's that dog that There was a dog on I don't remember the either one on Casper and um, Caspa and uh, and Bass. They had a crossover. It was a dog that walks upside down. Why the hell can I remember what the hell that is? Rusty was one of my plays, too. I'm 17k market cap. I don't know what they're going to do. Why can't I remember that one? That dog that walks upside down.

01:11:27
But yeah, that's another crossover if I can remember it. But then Bert on Casper and Kurt on bass was a crossover of the same teams, but looks like both are dead. Um, if you guys know, like why the hell can I remember that? That upside down walking dog like a real dog in real life that likes to walk up front legs. The other thing is like I was looking into this Cappy. Cappy was was one of my favorites and I was surprised. I was like, "Holy hell, I've seen this thing as low as a 40k market cap." Like, I

01:12:07
can't believe it has and it has 111k market cap in a bare market. I've seen this at a 40k market cap like last summer. Like, holy crap. Um, yeah. Cappy the cat, the happiest cat. Um, what's going on? Somebody's fixing to join my group. Yeah, man. >> Yeah. >> Speaking of people want to join, I have like a lot of good specials out there that are different. Number one, obviously, you know that I don't have um well, here's the thing. First things first, uh when I when I compare myself to other

01:12:53
groups, uh you tell me of any group that has calls like these like 550X and MX, like all these, right? It is really rare to find any group. I I've never I haven't I put I put Claude into research mode. You know that mode where spends like a couple hours just trying to scan every single goddamn thing on the internet and try to find something for you. I put call into research mode and I couldn't find any any other influencer or group out there that has this number of calls with these multipliers.

01:13:30
Like I found a few anomalies where somebody might have called AI6Z before me and made better than 27x but they didn't do anything else. and they may have called Migles before me and did better than a 13X and but they didn't, you know, it's something like that. But that's number one. Number two, there are groups that charge like $1500, $200 a month, right? And I'm at 79 and 59. You're 59, you get all those calls, right? And um I' I've seen people in the past say they're like in my group they were

01:14:09
like why would I want to join another group paying more money and get less good calls? Like I've had member my members say that and um okay so that's that's benefit number two, the low price, right? Number one is is the amount of multipliers, amount of calls that are good. Number two is the low price. Number three is that if you can't afford the lifetime membership, right, which by the way, I do have this on a special right now. I said I'm not going to raise the price of the lifetime

01:14:42
until um until like uh we get above the 50 moving average, right? Um so it's what was it? uh or is it uh maybe yeah maybe I don't know how much whatever it is but the number three is that if you can't afford the onetime purchase um if you can't afford a oneet one time purchase the the payments end eventually right so if you're paying monthly you only have 32 payments and then you're a lifetime member. You never have to pay again. With other groups, you have to pay 150 a month and if you want

01:15:28
to stay in there for years, you'd have to keep on paying, paying, paying, let it charge your credit card, and it never ends. But in my group, everybody becomes a lifetime member. So, that's benefit number three. Um, benefit number four, I mean, I can't really say courses because I think every group have courses, right? Everybody, every group has courses. Um, better number four is this tech and the software like this site like this website. As a member, you join the [ __ ] community in WAP

01:15:59
and you um you can log into the site. You use the [ __ ] authorization the same way you might log in like another site using Google, right? So, WAP knows that you're a member and it lets you log into my site. When you get into my site, I have swing trading software that helps us swing trade cuz we like 2x, 3x, 4x, five or 6x amount of tokens we have in our bag regardless of money. Amount of tokens we have in our bag because of swing trading. It goes up, we sell high, it goes back down, we buy back in. It

01:16:30
goes up and then we sell high, but it goes up again, we just sell high again. They'll keep selling 10%. It comes back down, we buy back in, we gain more tokens, right? So that software I have available and this is the demo right >> a good example like this ironically I'm trading Kurt in my in my demo so uh yeah so I obviously don't have this amount of money uh I don't have hundreds of dollars incurred anymore so um because apparently they they bugged or whatever it is. Hopefully they come back. But

01:17:11
anyway, yeah, I mean I get this I get this um this swing trading soft you get this swing trading software. So no other group has like software. Plus when you log into my website, you also get a chatbot that's a clone of me. You can ask any questions, right? Um and that's under the premium membership. And premium members also get get the ability to just DM me whenever you want. talk about whatever. So, I I am not aware of any group like this. If you are, let me know. There's a $1,000 bounty for anybody who can prove

01:17:49
to me there's another group out there like this. I've had this bounty open for a year. For a year and nobody has come to claim it. If you know of any other group that can help all of this, you let me know. Send me a message. I'll send you $1,000 of ZBCN. Oh man. But the memberships are like, you know, the membership benefits are absolutely insane. >> And that's why Code Monkey Mike has the greatest crypto community on the planet. >> There you go. There you go. But um yeah, welcome to I'm welcome to

01:18:35
have you join the group. Do uh do whatever you know you know I don't know just just join the group. So Sue goes back to 50 cents. I'm definitely going to buy a lot. Yeah, things might go down if depends on what happens over the next few days. Uh the expectation is things are going to continue to go down, but you know, who knows? It could be some like crazy bullish news and going back up. Uh so we'll see. I mean, I hope we get a nice I hope we get a nice retracement that comes back down and just start buying

01:19:11
back in a lot of stuff. Want to just put in some good buys. Put in some really good buys. All the old names are kind of Oh, yeah. All the KRC. Yeah, I know. That was fun. Those were the days. Just me and everything. Brian. Yeah. Like, woohoo. Look at Brian in here. Yeah, we're talking about Croak. Everybody's asking about Croak and Broke and I'm like, "Yeah, you see my thumbnail, Brian?" Yeah, I got I got Croak holding up a big glowing Casper coin along with Nacho. Yeah. So, this is the answer to your question,

01:20:15
guys. So, we got I'm saying we want to know what's sticking around. I'm trying to figure out who's sticking around, who's not. Like I said, some devs might check out and during a bare market and just come back in when they see there's a rally. So, who knows? But we can see right here, Kro did like over 3x in the last few days, right? And we have we have the Krug dev here right now with us right now. Croak and broke um yeah, broke on base, broke on gas. So, he's definitely not

01:20:52
checked out. Yeah, CME uh Creative Meme Endeavors is the group uh that makes all these awesome coins. There's a few others, but I guess we're talking about broken book broke right now. So, yeah, I'm sure some of those others are going to pump, too. But, uh yeah, I can't wait. I can't wait for some good times. And we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. We'll see. There's so many different things that could happen over the next few weeks. It's crazy, right?

01:21:20
It's like one number one. It's either the bombs are going to drop on Iran or the straight of her mood is going to completely open up and the war is ended. Right? So that's number one. We got this announcement about the Bitcoin strategic reserve which I'm really anticipating. We got the Clarity Act is going to be signed in the summer, right? Um it's going to I think the final agreement is is like I think the final agreement is on Friday or something or it's tomorrow even or

01:21:48
something, right? 14th, but it'll be signed in the summer and that'll open up the doors for other institutions to feel safe to feel safe about investing in crypto. That'll have a lot of money flooded into the market. And then when something like that happens and things are going up, the four-year cycle zombies is going to be like, "Oh my god, what did I do? What did I do?" And they're going to try to FOMO back in and they're going to pump the market even higher. So, I think it's going to be a

01:22:18
good year unless something really crazy happens, right? We've been beaten over the head for a lot the last few years, right? So, yeah, man. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to start I've been posting about KRC20s in general on X. I've been like I've been flooding the I've been flooding my XP, right? I got 12 new notifications during the time of this um of this live stream. I got about a 120 new followers in the last week and a half as I didn't even think I was be doing this good. But

01:23:03
yeah, follow me on X for anybody wants. I've been posting crazy amounts of right. Uh just trying to step up my game. The weird thing is man, I don't know what's up with Instagram guys. Anybody have anybody out there have any success with Instagram? Um, tomorrow's All right, here's something cool. Look at this. So, yeah, let's read this. I'll get into my profile in a second, but tomorrow's schedule could move the market. So, listen to what he says. Bilateral meeting. A bilateral meeting

01:23:35
is the formal one-on-one meeting between the two countries or leaders and their teams discuss ma discuss major political events and economic issues. All right. Executive time, no press means there's closed door with no media access. All right. So, so they're going to be talking about trade tariffs, technology restrictions, investment, and geopolitical tensions. Um, press pools for an event off site. Camera crew is allowed to closely follow up with high level events capturing. Yeah. State of the state banquet with

01:24:19
president of China. All right. Let's let's look at this. So um full case Boeing deal announced right 500 plus aircraft. Holy crap that is that is a lot. That is a lot. Chip export controls ease. That's pretty good. uh join Iran Hormuz statement. Yeah, that's the thing. If we can get this cleared up with a straight of Hormuz, we're flying. Markets are going to love it right now. Inflation won't come down, right? The prices won't come down instantly. It'll take months before things get back to

01:25:14
normal with the this, you know, the CPI and so on. But markets will react instantly because then we have certainty. Markets love certainty and um yes if if we get something like that where everything is opened up and the war ends then we have certainty. So uh then we're going to be flying. So which should be good. I mean if not if things get sour if it gets sour you know we're going back down and get some more you get some good deals and so on but trade truce formally extended right so the bare case so Trump

01:25:57
a Trump Taiwan slip arm sale concession no deals equals talks only right China blocks meta manis online um okay interesting on Iran home stays closed. No she deal. I kind of I kind of think that no matter how much China presses Iran that that China is not going to have any um too much uh of a pull on that, I think that Dan are just they're just they're just going to want to do what they want to do. That's what I think. So that that is I think there's still a bare case with the creditful moves.

01:26:40
But um yeah, but when it comes to my profile, I'm like Jesus Christ. I even post things here and there, like personal things here and there. See, husky, right? The other one. Um but yeah, I post all these. I got carousels and uh yeah, some of these carousels I don't post on uh I don't post on X. Like Jesus Christ, dude. What What do I What do I do to to get more than 28 followers? What? I have 27 when on Monday or is it 24? I guess I got to look at the live stream. Pull this trash. Jesus Christ, dude. Anybody

01:27:35
successful on Instagram, drop me a comment either in the chat or if you're watching the replay, just drop me a comment. Like, geez, what the hell? I've heard of of, you know, successful uh uh YouTubers or crypto YouTubers. I don't know, man. Anyways, guys, yeah, that's that. We've got all this going on. We talked about all this stuff. If anybody has any other KC20s you want to talk about, let me know. I went through a lot of them. Um, night was one I had back in the day. There's night.

01:28:10
Caspa 20. Stupid. Um, Cassia. I remember this. It's like a cat. I never bought it. Um, remember Pinko. Never bought it. K-pop. Yeah, K-pop was like an early one. Like when when KFC 20s was first launched, I remember minting K-pop. I remember I remember this thing where Dog K came out and I remember buying it. Doll K uh launched on Elbank, right? Do I'm sorry. Yeah, Dog K launched on Elbank and I remember buy I remember buying it like waiting for like the time period was it 8 am or something

01:29:03
or something like that. I remember I remember buying it like at that minute dog K just waiting for the time to just flip over and they were saying that they're the first dog the first dog KFC20. I'm like no I already I've already bought K-paul like weeks ago. They're not the first dog. So, K-pop was an original. Um, Jul, but I think it's dead. Died earlier on. Oh, look at that. This is this profile isn't deleted, but yeah, it's this thing might die much later than I thought. This is November 2025. They

01:29:56
died in the bare market. Oh, wow. This thing was like This was another one where I think this was before dog. They were cla dog was claiming they were the first dog. Uh so and um but it only has a 4K market cap. See the thing is like with some of these KC20s, look at this Gillette. Let's say you put like a 100 bucks on it right now. It has a 4K market cap. 4K. I mean if it goes to 400K, you got you you get 100x and it's going be easy to go to 400k if this thing starts running. It looks like they just if they if they

01:30:40
uh stop their activity in November, they just checked out of the bare market. So, strong possibility they can reactivate uh we get out of the bare market. There's Rusty. I got some Rusty. I think Rusty's pretty cool. I mean, I don't know. I used to think it's pretty cool. I don't know what they're doing right now. Let's see if they're still active. All right. Page is not deleted. Um, they've just posted in April, so they're doing much better than Jul. Yes, I am on Tik Tok. I've only

01:31:19
got on Tik Tok just um like a month ago. I only post I only posted like three shorts on Tik Tok. Uh but yeah, I'm going to be posting there as well. Now that I'm doing stuff with Claude and stuff like that, it's helping me to just do things faster, upload things faster in different places and so on. But um you know, each each network have their each network has its own strategy and I guess I'm doing pretty good on X. Um so, but I'm not doing good at all on Instagram. I don't know what the hell

01:31:56
I'm doing wrong, man. I don't know. And I think I'm doing good, but I'm not doing good. Strange. I should be doing good, but who the hell knows? Maybe it's just because it's a bare market. We'll see what happens when they start rallying. Yeah. So, Nacho Gold. Oh, I didn't mention gold. Yeah. And there's a re-release of KC20s. That was K-paw. I started Yeah, I started talking about K-paw already. Yeah. Um, yeah, I got me some gold. Is there a way to know minted

01:32:55
max supply was like a partial fair launch, right? Is there a way to know that on this site? Burn. I know there's there was an easy way to know that on on the casty side. It was in the list, right? I don't know. I I got to get used to this thing. and go, I guess, most recently posted on in April. This is still a little active. It is a 238k market cap. Oh, look at it right here. Preminted 70%. Yeah. Yeah. I remember minting some of that. Some of that 30%. Yeah. Okay. So, gold. Yeah. So, that's cool.

01:34:01
So premented is 0%. Okay, I'm going to I'm going to look at that from now on. Casper lens. Okay, go to 70% prement. Yeah, Nacho and gold were the first two. Yeah. Yeah, I remember that% prevent Casper Lens. I think somebody mentioned I don't you somebody mentioned that before. As for tokens. Yeah, I've been here before. Yeah. Oh yeah, this looks like Cass FYI. The layout looks almost the same. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is Yeah. Yeah. Well, now I'm seeing a whole bunch of different ones here that I didn't see.

01:35:22
How is this sorted? Is this sorted by market cap? Well, some are missing, right? I'm curious about Cassie. Cassie has a 1.1 million market cap over there. doesn't have anything here. I don't know. Maybe it's just wrong on the other side. Let's go next. Yes, I remember that. Zar Cairo bought some of that. Yeah, but this is all Yeah, this is all Cairo has two cents of volume. Two cents of volume. 50k market cap. Where where are the links? All right, let me let me just go back to

01:37:00
the other side. I I'll get I'll look at Casper lens on my own time. Let me go back to Cairo. There's no logo here and it says 80 game market. Things are weird, man. And this doesn't have links. I don't know. Anyways, 24hour to see what is moving. Don't forget Cass likes to run the bare market. Yeah, Casper likes to run in the bare market. I know, but um I I don't I don't know. I think I think we're going to come out of the bare market much sooner than everybody

01:38:02
thinks. So, it's a little different. The problem with Casper, the the thing with Casper in the bare market last time around was that it was getting hyped up a lot. It was performing a lot better than everything else because there was so much hype around it. influencers were marketing it and people were buying it saying it's the best thing ever and then now people are hating on it and dumping it. So it's sort of like the opposite scenario and um we I think we need to we need to get out of the bare market in order for

01:38:43
it to pump. Um when clearly when liquidity comes to Caspa the good projects will run. Yeah. Pick your projects wisely. Totally agree. Totally agree. Totally agree. Yeah. I think it's I think long run Casper is going to go to like a hundred billion. So, I give you like a $3 cash, right? When that happens, a lot of, you know, a lot of these tokens, a lot of the top tokens going to probably cross the 1 billion market cap mark. A lot of them will. Yeah, I got tons of tokens that I meanted. They were like a few of my favorites.

01:39:34
Uh Rusty was one of them. There was uh Smps was the original. Remember doing a video about that. Sumps. This game went completely dead earlier on, but Son was the Sumps I think was the first one to to gain a centralized exchange. first KC20 token again a centralized exchange and it was on XD they became known for that but now it's I think just dead let me click on it for the hell of it um Jeets and Jeets yeah we need Simon to come in and Simon the the gator Simon the gator was Simon in the chat before we need Simon the

01:40:31
Gator to come in and pump up pump up on those those cheats, right? Um, crap is a crab. I remember that. That was an earlier one. That was from like earlier on the first few months. Anything else around here? Yeah, Cappy was one of my favorites. Yur, I remember Yuren. I don't I think it just died out earlier on. 3.5K, right? The Cappy has 100 Why is this Why is Cappy buried in in here? Cappy is buried in here and it has 111k market cap. Yeah, this is all messed up. Yeah, I remember I talked about Yurin

01:41:23
earlier on. The 80s dog was wild neon color. That was one of my favorite projects. Uh, I don't know. I don't know if I Yeah, I think this was it. I remember this logo. I don't know if I bought any. Yeah, this is it. Yeah, look at that. Yeah, they I guess they checked out of the market when the bare market started. Yeah, they checked out again. Who knows? Maybe some of these guys will come back when the bare market ends. They're like, "Ah, it's not worth my time." You know, something like that.

01:42:34
Who knows? Could be something like that. Marty, there was another one. There's a type of animal I never heard of before this. There was um an oxalottle, a type of fish I never heard of until this project. This is uh 7.4K market cap, so it's probably dead. Doesn't exist. Yeah. Well, yeah, I bought some of this. I remember that. Yeah. So you guys, yeah, you got to pick and choose wisely. Obviously, this is not financial advice. There's nothing here is financial advice, but some of the

01:43:24
main ones, uh, you know, some of the main ones to buy, Nacho, Zeal, I don't know about Humpy. I have no idea what the hell this is. Humpy. Um, but it only has a 73K market cap. There's Wolfie, there's Kango, there's Casper, there's Cass Caspi, one of my favorites. Conan. Uh, Krex. I think Craigs was good back in the day. I don't know what it's doing right now. There's Dog K. Yeah, some of these ones are the good ones that they'll do. They'll do good. Um, maybe Pac-Man. Pac-Man looks pretty

01:44:02
cool. Has a cool logo. Bert. I don't know what's happening. I don't know. You know, Bert and Kurt, they look dead. So, um, yeah, Hero. I mean, yeah. What did I say? They stopped posting like a couple months ago. Hero. Uh, Crow, one of my favorites, of course. Knight. I like Knight. I don't know what happened with them back in the day. I like them. Still 128K. 128K. I thought they were dead. I don't think they're dead. If there's 128K, what are they doing? They have some good content.

01:44:48
They posted as recently as April. So, they're not dead at all. So, okay. Night is another one. Just pick and choose, right? If you want to buy some of these, you know, if you put like 10, if you put like $20 on 10 of them, you're spending $200. And then some of your the top ones, like some of like some of my favorites, you want to go and put in like $200 on like five of them and spend $1,000, you know, whatever it is your budget is. Not financial advice. Never financial advice on this channel. God

01:45:21
damn it. Are you out of your mind? Never. But um yeah, it's one of those things. Some of them are a gamble. Like some of them like some it's craziness. It happens. But you could put $20 down on something and does a,000x get like 20 grand out. You know, it's just it's crazy what you could do sometimes or even more. Sometimes you do more than a,000x. Please remember if any of the KFC20s got to listen on a decent centralized exchange like Mexi gate by bit etc. That means they're going to yeah they're here

01:45:55
to stay and they all pay good money. Yeah, that is so very true. So you got to look is there um like I said I want to go to Casper Lens. I don't know if that do they have the centralized exchanges here upholders. I don't see anything like that. All right. So, let's go to Casper Lens. All right. And let's search for Nacho. All right. So, not at the front page anyway. All right. So, yeah. So, it has all the centralized changes listed right in the middle, right in the top. Yeah, that's

01:46:49
cool. Uh I mean, these are not centralized exchange, right? But but these three are. Oh yeah, they got delisted a lot of them. I remember buying Nacho and Pion. Yeah. Anyways guys, you know the drill. Give it a like, give it a subscribe, comment below. Um like, subscribe, share, comment below. Remember, if you um you know, it's not only me who benefits, right? You get this video out, then you get more people buying into the same tokens that you buy into, right? And then you you know, you can have your banks pumped

01:47:41
as well. So, get the word out. You know, share it on whatever socials that you are on, right? If you're on X, if you're on Facebook or whatever, share this video, give it a like. The um what's going on? What's going on? Yeah, the algorithm likes the engagement. It gives you And if you don't like it, just give it a dislike, too, right? Uh comment. I'll try to reply to your comments. We'll get a conversation going and uh just to get the video out and get the word out about Casper and the KFC

01:48:15
20s, right? Just to get the word out. So, been a long live stream, right? Crazy, right? How long has it been? Crazy. All right, it's too long. H I'm going to catch you guys laterers.

