Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] >> Wake up. >> Wake up [music] everybody. Got an early morning live stream. wanted to give some market updates and see where we're going. I hear there's a lot of talk about the four-year cycle is broken because we're going to be breaking above the 50we moving average and people are saying all this stuff like that and I'm like I've been saying that since last year, man, cuz we never

even had a cycle top [laughter] like it never happened. But um I do also want to consider that there's going to be I have this open right here. Obviously, this is lab. Just wanted I was going to run. So the alltime high this has been running, right? So I got the alltime high is $7.76, right? That means we're at a 61x at this alltime high. It's amazing. A 61x. I've sold the vast majority of all my lab tokens [music] and um goes above $5 again, I'm gonna sell the rest. So yeah,

job well done. So yeah, but when it comes back to where we're going, uh we have this uh this thing going on right now. Stock stole and wait for update from the Iran US deal. Um, and I was looking at some other news that there was some uh little skirmish. I guess there was um a tanker that was refusing to acknowledge a blockade and the uh the US fired on it and destroyed this rotor or something like that. So, we're going to continue. Um, you know what I mean? The probability that I have of a deal being made is

probably the same probability that you would give to an ascending channel like this, right? You would say that 70% of the time this is going to be like a breakdown to the this is going to be it's going to break out to the downside, right? 70% of the time and you know the other 30% is you can break out to the upside. Now, I would give that the same probability for this Iran deal. I would be like, there's a 70% chance that everything goes to hell and bombs are going to start dropping again, which

which would be equivalent to this happening. And once those bombs start dropping, we'll break down. So, it's uh it's interesting how it goes, but I I [clears throat] really have my doubts that that everything's going to be nice and peachy, nice and rosy. I really really have my doubts. Hey, what's going on? Yeah, welcome, welcome. Always good to have new people around. Hit that subscribe button. But uh yeah, we got uh we got some good stuff going on. For those of you who are

new to the channel, I'm Code Monkey Mike. I developed tons of nice software for my community so that we can not only trade and find out more stuff about tokens like we get real-time updates about centralized exchanges that they get. And not only that, the most famous of them all is well there's a few bots. The most famous one is called the insider alert. It goes out and scans every single token and finds out the best possible play. And Lav was found by the insider alert, right? I called it on the I called it

like way back here on day two of launch and look it went all the way up here, man. Oh my god. Way back here and we got in we swing traded around here and we got in like like down here. So 7.8 cents 68 cents. Somebody in my community says they got in on this particular date back here. Was it here? Yeah, it was here on this particular day at 7.7 cent. So yeah, so we were swing trading in there and we did some really good stuff with this thing. Yeah. And there's been there's been plenty others right in a

bare market. We did a 85x on Pippen. We did a 12x on Russell. We did a 10x on Folks Finance. We did he did a 9x 9x recently on a on another AI token that I'm not going to disclose and a couple others, right? What's going on? You hear wonderful things from the broke team. Yeah, I hope so. >> Yeah. [screaming] >> Yeah, man. I hope so. I hope uh I hope uh Broke is uh Broke is going to do some pretty pretty good multipliers. um soon. But not everything is pumping. I noticed that

for the most part, most things on the base chain is not really pumping. You know, you get like 10 or 20% pretty, you know, pretty some pretty good uh uh pumps, but nothing compared to what I've seen like on B&B. BMB has been wild. Um got a lot of B&B tokens in my community. A lot of them I'm not going to disclose. And um there was just one today where I was going to rotate some of my some of my earnings from lab into another one and um it was like I woke up it was like 5:00 in the morning and I was looking at

my phone like I'm going to I'm going to rotate into this one and then about you know two hours later I'm on my computer and getting ready to do and it already pumped. I'm like oh crap. [laughter] What's going on? Yeah. Welcome. Welcome, welcome. Um, yeah, I noticed that my if I do different live streams, different, you know, different times of the day for my live streams that I got different people. I guess, um, can't really satisfy everybody, right? So, I guess this is the morning. Uh, it's 9:00 a.m.

my time. And I guess a lot of times when I do my live streams, it's like 6 or 7 pm, but um, uh, you know, I guess it alternate sometimes. Um, but yeah, we got we got some uh we got some interesting times ahead. Uh, I'm going off of the Did I just not do this? I'm going off of the assumption that we're probably going to go down, right? Bitcoin seems to want to keep trying to get above this channel. And, you know, if that happens, it gets above this channel, then it's um we're out of the

structure. And then who knows what's going to happen next. Probably won't get to the 50we moving average, but we're out of this structure and then who knows? Well, maybe we'll like create a new structure like this or whatever and then come back down a little bit over here. So, who knows what's going to happen. But the reason why I say um the reason why I think that we're not going we're not breaking out to the upside and we're going to go down is just is just because this Iran situation

like this is like really uh really like sketchy type of uh agreement or whatever you want to call it because I think that I don't think a deal is going to be made and then they you know things are going to go the market's going to go down. I mean, the reason why is that, you know, Iran wants nuclear weapons because they want to they want to be able to show that they have nuclear weapons and then they want to be able to say, "Hey, you know, stop attacking us." They want to tell Israel, you know, don't attack

us or something like that because uh you know, like no country that has nuclear weapons has ever been attacked by by another with nuclear weapons. So it's it's one of those things where um you know like Ukraine had nuclear weapons because they had them due to the former Soviet Union and they gave up the nuclear weapons and look now they were invaded by Russia. So it stands a reason if if if Ukraine was invaded by Russia with nuclear weapons um Ukraine either would have used them or the invasion

just wouldn't have happened you know. So Iran is really they really want nuclear weapons. So, I don't I don't think they're going to give up the idea that they they um you know, they're not going to say, "Okay, we're not going to we're not going to develop nuclear weapons." I I really doubt it. Like, something something shaky is going to happen. And what does that mean for the markets? Markets are going to go down. And unfortunately, what does that mean for

human life? Of course, the war is going to continue and more people are going to die. So, that's not good either. Um but I, you know, I hope everything works out. I mean, it would be nice uh you know, a lot of people complaining that the fullear cycle is dead, even though I've been saying that for a while. Uh because of people saying that we're just going to go up from here and they wish they had more time in the bare market to accumulate. I mean, yeah, I get it. I mean, it'll be nice. I was saying that,

too. Like, the only concern I have is that we're not going to make, you know, new another new bottom. Um so, then it's like, okay, but why is that a concern? We're just going up and, you know, time to make some money. like we didn't really do it in the end of 2025, right? We didn't we didn't get that opportunity um for the most part, right? My group was doing pretty good, right? Obviously, at the top of it all was at 550x with MX and then a whole bunch of others like 130x and the agent AI. So,

you know, we did at least, you know, okay, but if there was a cycle top in 2025, which there wasn't, um if there was a cycle top, you know, everybody would have been doing would have been doing much better. So, we missed out on that. Most people missed out on it. And um you know, maybe maybe it's just time time to pump right now and maybe make up for it. Um but we'll see. We'll see. Uh just because we go down, you know, the the war continues. We go down and maybe make a double bottom or even a new

bottom. Who knows? I doubt it's going to go I doubt it's going to go further down to 59K, but we'll see. um you know, if that happens, it still doesn't mean that the four-year cycle is not broken, right? It still just it just doesn't mean the four-year cycle is not broken. Because I made a I made a short just like two days ago, and I was I was saying that um I was saying that, you know, the only reason why Bitcoin went below the 50we moving average, well, the reasons why there was

two things. government shutdown sucking liquid liquidity out of the market and then drone pal sucking certainty out of the market implying that there was no not going to be a rate cut in December. So then we you know we went down we were testing that 50week moving average and then because of that just because of that it sort of solidifies it solidified everybody's belief that there's a four-ear cycle and a bare market is coming. So, a lot of people dumped, right? I was showing the charts. I was

showing the charts that you know um long-term holders are dumping uh you know, at a time when they should be accumulating things like that. It was like going off for months and months and months. Everybody was just dumping because we're descending into a bare market. But the reason why we were descending into a bare market, right, towards the 200E moving average towards like a crypto winter territory, not just a bare market, was because everybody was dumping. So I was saying that if everybody just didn't believe in a bare

market, like like for me, I started like quarter quarter two of last year. I started coming I started to come under the belief that there's no such thing as a four-year cycle. And it was all coincidence. It was just matched up to the business cycle, to PMI, to to the money printing, to everything. Um, you know, all the macroeconomics. And it was just a coincidence. So, I was like, okay, I shed my four-ear cycle zombie status in sort of like Q2, Q3 of last year. So, now I no longer believe there's a four-year cycle. So I was

like, if everybody had done the same thing as me, no long and no longer believed that there was a fourear cycle, you know, I was like, oh, we were mistaken. It was just coincidence all this time, then in this particular instance, everybody who dumped wouldn't have dumped. They would have they would have held. And we never never ever would have gone down to 59K. We never would have gone to test this the the 200E moving average, which by the way, we only we only barely came close. uh to hitting it

with just a wick on a Thursday. We didn't get a weekly close at or below the 200WE moving average. So, it's still not officially a crypto winter. Um but I was just saying like if not for all that, Bitcoin's price would be so much higher right now. It would it would be above the I mean look look at look at where it is. Um th this is the 50week moving average. You know, it it isn't like outlandish to to think that instead of 80K, Bitcoin will be at 95K if nobody dumped because a lot of these people, these four-ear

cycle zombies, they're under the belief that the bottom is going to be in October and they're out of the market right now. Like if they never got out of the market, the prices would be higher. So, and the reason for that is just because we're in different d the whole reason that bare markets happened in the past was because of the business cycle. PMI was going down. Uh money printing had stopped. QE had stopped. Low rate cuts had stopped. R interest rates were increasing. So, we were going into a tightening

phase. We're going into a tightening phase. And that's when the bare markets start. Now we have the complete opposite. You have a bare market going into QE going into economic expansion, right? Whereas before it was always economic contraction and this time it's economic expansion and we're in a bare market and just because everybody dumped, right? So let me guess a couple of these comments. Yeah. What's up? Um Oh, the cash title. Casper. I'm watching Casper like a hawk. Oh, okay. Cool.

Cool. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a Casper maxi myself. Yeah. Um specifically comparing it to early cycles with Bitcoin almost a carbon copy. Pair the weekly Casper. Yeah. I mean it's Yeah, I think Casper is going to fly and it's going to like I've been posting a lot of stuff on X uh talking about my theory that eventually five 10 years out Ethereum is going to flip Bitcoin. Bitcoin is being going to be number two. And then a lot of the Casper maxis are eventually going to um stop holding out and then switch.

I'm sorry. A lot of the Bitcoin maxis are going to eventually say, "Okay, ETH doesn't deserve to be a number one." And they might actually switch towards Casper, right? So I think I think uh pushing C, you know, whether it be by that time that by the time that ETH flips Bitcoin, this is just my theory, right? This is me, right? by the time ETH flips Bitcoin, it'll be five or 10 years out and maybe Castle will be like in the top 10 or something like that by the time that happens. Um, fingers crossed

hopefully in the top five. But, uh, and it's just I think I think that is going to be like the the straw that breaks the Kreml's back when it comes to the Bitcoin maxis uh getting, you know, getting Bitcoin dethroned by ETH. you know, pro proof of stake. Uh, everybody everybody who's uh pro proof of work uh you know hates proof of stake, right? Um, so yeah, speaking of that, I've been posting a lot on Axe recently and I don't know, I've been getting some really strange like let me go to X right now. I'll show

you. Like I can't I can't log in uh on Brave. Um yeah, so I don't know. I'm able to log in on Chrome, but I was getting I was getting that that black splash screen with the X logo in the center on like all browsers, not only on the same computer, but in a different like Mac versus Windows and so on. And I don't know, like now that I'm posting more, I don't know what's going on. So, now that I'm using X a lot, I'm getting a lot of followers. I think gain like 50

followers in the the last like um well, this week, right? um just because I'm I'm really active, but now it's like I I'm having trouble even logging in. Crazy. But yeah, I've been posting a lot about Casper. Plus, if you want to um a good example, >> I' I've also been posting here. I got some been posting some polls. Uh if you guys want to check them out, you know, definitely on X, but this is I was just talking about 2030 ETH overtakes Bitcoin. Uh, I got a uh it's interesting to see what people

respond, right? You got 42 votes on this. There's been 22 votes on that. Um, yeah. Right. Speaking of which, isn't that beautiful? We're we're going to be sailing all all of my community members are going to be sailing something like this soon enough, right? God damn. Right. He's still like a 60x on lab and we're doing these multipliers in the bare market. Imagine, imagine what happens in a rally. It was like wild when September, October last year. It was absolutely wild. Oh my god,

dude. Um, we have so many plays. It's unbelievable. Um, but yeah, what else we got going on? We've been seeing some some interesting like going back to uh one of my favorites on my favorites list is Toncoin. Um, and uh, this thing has been pumping. Uh, this is one of my favorites going back. This launched like sort of like the end of of the last cycle, 2021. Mind you, when I still say I still say last cycle and I refer to 2021. A lot I see a lot of the uh, the four-ear cycle guys saying last cycle, they're

referring to um, you know, 2025. [laughter] I'm like, I come here I mean, like the top in October of last year of 2025 was a very, very disappointing midcycle top. Not even a cycle top, but a midcycle top. I just want to point it out. If you want to see a very um exciting, right, non- boring midcycle top, look at this, right? This is in 2019, right? And then look at this. It's 2013. So th this this the top in October didn't even make it above average power law. Isn't that crazy?

It's just you look at this chart like you're going to look back on it and you're going to see we're going to see some pumps like this go into like max resistance and power law, right? And people are going to look back on this the same way that we might look back like like this time period right here, right? People going to be like, "Oh, there's nothing but sideways chop back here, back here." That I mean, that's what it's going to look like, right? Because if it didn't even get

above average power law, Bitcoin's price, and it does that in a midcycle top. You can see here, this is when it ran. So the cycle top in 2013 was was in December, but there was a midcycle top that happened in March of 2013, the same year, right? Um, so it I mean realistically there were two midst was one at the end and and one at the beginning and one at the end, right? Cuz there was another one back here that went above average power law in 2012, then in 2013 and then we had the cycle top, right? in 2019.

Um, so the uh the 2017 cycle didn't really have that. It was just sideways chop for the whole cycle and then it just went parabolic in the end. But in the 2021 cycle, we did have a midcycle top which was very nice by the way in 2019. So we didn't come anywhere near that. you know, this is nuts. We didn't come anywhere near that in um you know, in 2025. So, but but yeah, I So, going back to Toncoin. Yeah, I got into Toncoin. If we go back to the old Oh, this Yeah, this is the old time, right? So, it

launched like see right here says September of 2021. So, it launched um after the first top of the double top in 2021. Uh but yeah, it's uh it's been one of my favorites or one of my longtime favorites. Obviously before before Casper uh I got into this before Casper I I I became really excited about it because you know it has the full backing of uh you know of Telegram. Uh it Telegram started it then it broke off into its own foundation. It is proof of stake of course. Uh, but I was like,

I like the idea there was, you know, an incredibly fast blockchain and so on. And, um, uh, who knows? I'd probably uh, I'd probably be like a Toncoin Maxi if Naspa didn't exist, right? Uh, at least for now. Or maybe I'll be switching over to tow or something right now. But, uh, yeah. But, uh, Tencoin has been pumping recently. So, look at the weekly. Look at that. [laughter] Oh my god, that's amazing. Huh. Um, so yeah, I took a little bit of took a little bit of profits. Uh, it was at

like $2 and then it was uh took some profits at at was it like two 40 or 50 or something. Um, and it was this was pumping overnight just now, right? So yeah. So we got Yeah, those are some nice pumps overnight. I woke up, it was already coming down. I was like, damn, I would have I would have sold a little bit more to increase my sell average. But, um, yeah, Tencoin is doing pretty pretty good. So, different different blockchains are doing good. Like I said, there I haven't really seen much of anything. I got a lot of base

tokens. I got a lot of them and some of them are pumping, you know, like 10 or 20%. Some of them are just flat, not doing anything, like quite a bit of them. But, Tencoin is doing pretty good. B&B is doing pretty good. BM lot of B&B tokens are flying. Toncoin this this um what was it called? What was this t was this one I put in my Oh my god, dude. Yeah. Let's go to deck screener. This is one that's been around for a while. Like I I've I've been seeing I've been seeing uh

a lot of um a lot of tokens that haven't done nothing for like a year or two here. UATIA I keep forgetting, you know, like I bought I bought quite a few ton ton tokens uh over the last couple years. Like I bought into Redo uh definitely Redo, right? resistance dog and that's that's on um you know that's on quite a few centralized exchanges right uh another one I've bought into is notcoin but let's see how they're doing for 24 hours that's good so I so this one has been around for a while

for like a year or two uh ies. It's going back, right? Let's go back to the weekly channel, weekly candles, right? This goes back. This goes back to April of 2024. It's crazy, right? But look at this. This switch back to like 4 hour right now. This is insane. This is insane what it did. And like it didn't do anything. Like this is just one of those ones. I guess the reason why I mean look, it's like a duck. I'm like, what? Uh oh. Yeah. I can't I can't open Twitter on X, right?

Oh, yeah. Look, it opened. It opened. Oh, I maybe because I can't log in now. But yeah, you know, I look at it like what the hell? Like I never bought into it. I'm like, is this a freaking duck? I was like, the chart is it's all flat. [laughter] I was like, this is never going to go anywhere, right? And it's a duck and it has a weird name. I can't I can never even remember what the hell is, but the thing pumped like crazy. I guess I guess it made some people rich, right? If you if you had bought it,

let's say uh let's say a long time ago. So, I don't know back here. But yeah, if you had bought it when let's say you were buying things in this particular bare market right now, right? So you say, "Okay, here's a good deal right here." Right? So you get in over here. Crap, man. It's a 9x. A 9x, right? It says 900%. That is crazy. So it did have a decent market cap at least. It was at 5 million, right? So it wasn't like, you know, it wasn't like 100k or something,

right? Um, but it's crazy, right? You didn't know there was a base chain? Yeah. Yeah. Coinbase is base chain. There's no base token. like there's no official base token even though I've heard talk about it quite a bit but there's no base token but um you know there's BND B&B which is the the token Binance's token of uh their chain and then their their chain is called like the Binance Smart Chain that's why it's listed as uh BSC right Binance Smart Chain

Right. Oh, yeah. So, you're talking about the the token. No, there's no what I was saying was uh the base tokens like so like like somebody mentioned broke any [laughter] No. Okay. No, no, I'm talking about the base tokens like tokens on base. Yeah. Tokens on base. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. Yeah, I haven't seen I haven't seen any of the base tokens really given any interesting performance, but um at least things are pumping at least a little bit, right? Um but yeah, uh yeah, uh notcoin is another one that's

been pumping. Look at that. It's nuts. So, I have some Notcoin. It's kind of funny with not uh it it's uh I remember was like what the hell is that? I was like what's that supposed to mean? It's supposed it's like I was like oh they swapped around ton to o n it's because I'm not signed in. They swapped around ton and they made it to not right. And they also did the same thing with the with the logo. If you notice the logo, the logo is is is swept around. So the ton so toncoin

uh tab to the right. It's just something coin market that um coin I guess is I guess they try to make like a really uh eloquent tea or something. [laughter] Uh, it's just it's just the way it is. So, all right, let's go to the website. I'm stuck with going to the website because I kind of pop open X, right? Changes coming soon. Oh my god, I can't even go to the website right now. Damn, man. But, uh, you can see here, right? So, this is a ton logo. was sort of like a T but and it connects the sides and then

not is just like they flipped it around. So, it's just I don't know. It's just like a straight up meme, I guess, right? Uh it was a knock coin, but yeah, things have been pumping, right? So, if you go here and you know, it's just nuts, right? So, this bottomed out. I guess a lot of tokens bottom in like uh like February, end of January, February or March and so on. But I think a lot of the ton tokens sort of like made their bottom just like in April and then suddenly so they all

have their own cycles, right? They're like a little all from each other. So Ncoin is up 5x. Uh so yeah, doing good. I took some profits on this as well. Uh wackiness or something. Uh, what else we got going on with Ton? What about What about Redo? Redo. Yeah, Redo has been pretty good. Yeah, this has been nuts with this this Ton tokens is having like a definite resurgence, right? UIA. Never bought into that. But yeah, again, April was kind of low for a lot of these Tkins like a 78x with this.

I've I've had in the past uh like I have not coined I have not coined but I have it on Kraken. Um, but I have had in the past issues with like liquidity problems. Like I also have some TCAT, but TCAT I I was really big on TCAT going a couple years back and they were like had they had like non-stop content like every day. They were like really up to paring the X. Um, but then it was here's TCAT. Then it was like they just never bothered getting centralized exchanges. So, what's the market cap right now is

380K. Yeah. 300. I mean, I thought TCAT was going to be like up there uh with like redo right here. So, 16 million. I thought TCAT I thought TCAT would have had like a new bottom. I just lose it. I thought it was going to be like uh you know, at least in the millions or something like that. Let's see how it's doing right now. I'm going to test it out because normally when I when I have when I swap in the past when I would swap ton tokens um you know I get like a like I'd lose like 10 or 15 or 20% because of low

liquidity or something like that. I'm like, "Ah, I didn't bother with." So, I figured, "Oh, I'll hold it. I'll hold these until until that either either gets better or until the cycle top and I just dump everything and everything pumps like crazy." So, this thing, so TCAT was at back in March and April was at like 50K. So, it went as far as 400K. Yeah, let's go Casper. Yeah, let's let's go into Casper. How many um what what did I put on my uh my thumbnails, right?

Yeah. So, yeah, I talked about everything in my thumbnail subcast. Yeah, I most I think the most part three of the coins on my thumbnail uh were related to Tencoin because I think Tencoin is really pumping. I don't really want to get into my BMBB tokens because I think most of them are just um most of them are like uh secrets to my community, you know, like Lab Lab was on, you know, B&B uh you know, we did a 60x on that and Lab was listed as one of my favorites, you know, but yeah, Casper,

I think in a cycle top, we were talking about that recently. I think in a cycle top, Casper, especially from here, Casper is good for, you know, like a magnificent cycle top where um total crypto market cap is tens of trillions. I mean, I think that um you know, I think I think I think it like one billion right now. So 999, right? I think like a hundred billion is not out of the question. So then you're looking at like a $3 gas. So, um, but I doubt I doubt that Casper can really do anything wild

in, you know, anything that's not a cycle top. Uh, so, you know, see what happens. Or maybe it can make a new alltime high this year. And the alltime high is only like 20 cents, right? So, I mean, that's that's reasonable for it to make a new alltime high this year. Um, with a Yeah, still a nice pump a nice pump for the week. Um, was it so 3.2? Yeah, I guess. So, let's take today's um is the 7th, right? So, let's just go back to where it was like back here, right? So, 14% pump. Yeah, it's all right.

Yeah, it's like it's okay. I mean, this is like what I what I've been seeing with like a lot of the B&B um a lot of the base tokens that I was just describing. Like yeah, like 10 or 14% here and there. Uh so it's nothing like to rave about, but yeah, in the long run, I think there's going to be a base season. I've always said that like we had a real nice B&B season in September. Like we were doing wild things like tutorial on B&B in my community. We did a 94x, you know, it was a like giggle

fund on B&B. We did a 40x obviously my on B&B. We did a 550x. So, we had a really nice B&B season and it seems like it's happening right now again because a lot of B&B tokens are doing pretty good. But um I think the same thing is going to happen with um you know with bass. You know, there's going to be a base season and and then the same thing with Casper. I think at at the cycle top there's going to be I I would say there'll be like a resurgence of the KFC20s and then we'll see what happens

what comes out of all this um uh you know the hard fork that's coming coming in June and um speaking of which let's um ask how many days left who knows how many new tokens are going to be coming out uh over the next year or so between now in the cycle top whenever that might be. Uh, we got 40 days. I thought it was like a little bit less than that, but oh well. Yeah. Right. So, took off with their dash cams were selling. I'm not actually sure which one you're talking about. Yeah.

Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. I think a lot of us we're going to lose focus. A lot of us I think we're going to be like really out of focus. we're going to be like gaining having some really really nice gains especially um especially on the KRC20 front you know like with Casper let's say you do a 50x or maybe like I just said if it gets to 100 billion market cap we'll do like 100x from where it is right now right but with some of these memes right yeah I know right I [laughter] don't know what the hell

happened what's going All right. I don't know. Anyways, um but yeah, a lot of these memes, uh when it comes to KC20s and so on, uh L2s, right? We got, you know, there's also the tokens, uh the Cas Plus tokens. I don't know, I don't know about them. I wasn't really hyped about them. But uh then we have Igra, but um yeah, I mean the point is that we probably get into some like thousand access so if you're lucky, right, with some of the memes are going to be on Casper um some of the tokens. So

yeah, I think I think it's going to be absolutely wild. So I would say just from that perspective, it's going to be bigger than base season, right? Um, yeah. What's up with the camera? [laughter] I don't know, man. Anyways, I guess that's it. I'm gonna I'm gonna call it I'm going to call it a day from here. We got, you know, we got things to look out when it comes to uh what's going on with this thing with Iran. Uh, I'm selling a little bit here and there on the pumps,

right? Because, you know, if something goes wrong with Iran, obviously things happen on the weekend. It's been a few weekends. It's been a few weekends without anything happen, right? Happening. It's been like now it's been at least four weeks since like every single week the war is ending, you know, every single week. So, it's like it's getting it's getting a little bit too repetitive and we're probably going to break out of that soon and and then, you know, maybe the bombs are going to drop.

But, so I'm selling a little bit here and there, you know, 5 10% a lot of my positions. So, if things go down, if obviously the markets go down, Bitcoin is first and then it's going to take everything else down with it. And then we can just, you know, buy back in. And then if it doesn't, everything happens, everything is wonderful, then instead of, you know, things going down, uh, we're going to go up and I won't feel too bad because this I only sold like 5% or, you know, five or 10% of my position. So I

don't have to worry about, um, you know, selling again on a pump just to bring up my sell average. But like I said, you guys, I got so much going on. I've been saying throughout this this this stream. Um, we call crazy amounts of um crazy amounts of tokens, you know, at a very very low market cap. Like I said, I called Lab on day two after its launch back in October. We just did a 61x on that. And um if you want to take a look at the website, link in the description below and you can click on this this little page right

here. You can see that 550x on MYX and we did all these things. Some of the one of the most amazing ones was um D agent AI did 130x. Uh Trashcoin was um all by what this DJ Wizard that's in my in my channel in my community. We did [laughter] 150x on that and you know there quite a few others. So take a look. Um, but what I what I try to say all the time is that you might get in you might get a community that calls a few tokens here and there. You might get like a 10x or whatnot, maybe even a 20x,

but to get the multipliers that I get like these, right, it's unbelievable, right? So, um, and it's just like non-stop because when we're in a rally, when we're in a rally, like we get one or two of these gigantic pumps a week, right? Like I have this uh segmented out to 2025, right? Where uh most of these were like in the recovery rally after tariff season, right? May uh May of last year, right? Or they were in the rally that started in uh like September of last year, September, October. It was

like they were concentrated in that in that time frame. Um and you know, maybe a few outliers, but you know, that's it. So, best community ever. And if you can find somebody, let me know. If you can find another group that called lab and did a 60x, let me know. I want to know. I've always said I got a $1,000 bounty to anybody who can find another community. It's, you know, it's better than mine. Has all the software, right? Because we got swing trading software as well. We have all this tech hooked up

into it. And we have these awesome calls. So, nobody's ever come to claim that bounty. So, you know where it is. I got some really good deals. Um, you know, I got courses and most communities they they charge like $150, $200. I charge much less. And, um, not only that, you know, if you don't, you can buy the lifetime and save a lot of money, but if you get in on a monthly or the quarterly or or the yearly membership, your payments eventually stop. So everybody can become a lifetime member. You know, other

communities, they just charge you month after month after month indefinitely, right? If you want to be in a group for five years, you have to keep on paying every single month. But with my group, your payments eventually stop because you're paying towards a lifetime membership. So yeah, man. >> This group is awesome. I'll catch you guys later. [music] [singing]

