Kaspa Docs
Search
Ctrl
K
Toccata
Covenant State
Transaction V1
Script Pricing
Inline ZK
Based Apps
Silverscript
Argent
Decision Guide
Agent Brief
References
Programmability
Integrate
Resources
References
Toccata Dev Guide

A developer guide to Kaspa's Toccata programmability stack: covenants, transaction v1, script pricing, inline ZK, based ZK apps, and Silverscript.

Toccata makes Kaspa UTXOs expressive enough to carry real application state. It is active on mainnet as of June 30, 2026, at DAA score 474_165_565.

Before listing opcodes, it is better to look at the smallest stateful object Toccata can express: a UTXO that requires its spend to create a valid successor.

The first example is one stateful coin.

pragma silverscript ^0.1.0;
contract Counter(int init_count, int max_step) {
    int count = init_count;
    #[covenant.singleton(mode = transition)]
    function increment(State prev_state, int step) : (State) {
        require(step > 0);
        require(step <= max_step);
        return({ count: prev_state.count + step });
    }
}

There is no mutable Counter object stored inside a Kaspa node. There is a UTXO whose script public key commits to a script preimage. That preimage contains both the contract and the current state. When the UTXO is spent, the transaction reveals the preimage, the script computes the next state, and the script refuses to pass unless the transaction creates the next committed UTXO.

live UTXO
P2SH(contract + state_0)

spend reveals
contract + state_0 + args

script checks
state_1 = transition(state_0, args)

next UTXO
P2SH(contract + state_1)

That is the core covenant move: compress, open, validate, recompress.

The rest of Toccata exists around that loop: transaction fields for covenant outputs, opcodes for inspecting the current transaction, consensus lineage for covenant families, pricing for expensive work, and proof hooks for applications that should not run fully on L1.

Important

The consensus features described here are mainnet features. The developer tooling is younger. Silverscript is the main covenant authoring path and is approaching the interface developers should expect, but release and audit status still need attention. Argent and vprogs are earlier reference stacks. Expect periodic guide updates as those repos move.

What Toccata adds

Before Toccata, a Kaspa script could protect a UTXO, but it could not easily require the spending transaction to create a valid successor.

Toccata adds the pieces needed for that check.

Piece	What it is for
Transaction v1	compute_budget, covenant output bindings, user lanes, gas, and the v1 BLAKE3 txid model
Covenant IDs	a consensus-tracked lineage label for covenant UTXOs, independent of changing P2SH hashes
Introspection opcodes	access to inputs, outputs, covenant groups, auth groups, hashes, and byte slices
Script pricing	a runtime meter for stack growth, hashing, signatures, and ZK verification
ZK precompiles	direct verification of Groth16 and RISC Zero Succinct proofs inside script
Seqcommit lanes	app-specific L1 activity commitments for based apps, without proving the whole DAG

The result is still UTXO-native. Toccata does not turn Kaspa into an account-chain smart contract system. Instead it makes UTXOs able to carry state, split into parallel lineages, merge when necessary, and prove the next step.

Two roads

Most Toccata designs start on one of two roads.

multi-contract source lowering

Kaspa L1
tx v1, covenant IDs, script pricing

L1 covenant apps
state transitions run in script

based ZK apps
state transitions run off-chain, settle by proof

Silverscript

Argent-style lowering

vprogs runtime

Road 1: L1 covenants

Use L1 covenants when the state transition is small enough, public enough, and local enough to run directly in script.

A single state UTXO is sequential. That does not make every covenant app sequential. When state can be partitioned into positions, games, vaults, tickets, orders, shards, or similar app objects, each object can live on its own UTXO track: the current covenant UTXO plus the successor UTXOs that continue it. Kaspa's high-frequency DAG gives those UTXOs room to advance in parallel, while the covenant family can still merge lineages or coordinate them through leader/delegate transitions.

Silverscript is the intended authoring surface for L1 covenant apps. Argent is best understood as the next layer up: actor-style, multi-contract source that can lower into Silverscript the way async lowers into a more mechanical runtime representation.

Start with Covenant State.

Road 2: Based ZK apps

Use a based app when the state is too shared, too private, or too expensive to execute directly on L1.

The user operation is intentionally ordinary: a v1 L1 transaction in an app-specific user lane, carrying the operation in the transaction payload. The app state machine runs off-chain. A settlement covenant on L1 verifies that the executor consumed the right lane activity, started from the previous state commitment, ended at the new one, and honored any exits or permissions the protocol requires.

Settlement covenant
Prover
App executor
Kaspa user lane
User
Settlement covenant
Prover
App executor
Kaspa user lane
User
v1 tx with app payload + gas
ordered app activity
apply operations to app state
state diff + lane witness
proof + next state commitment
verify proof, lane anchor, exits

KIP-21 is what makes this practical. Without partitioned sequencing commitments, every app would need to prove not only which transactions targeted it, but also which transactions did not. With lanes, the proof can focus on the app's own L1 activity.

Start with Based Apps.

Transaction v1 is the shared floor

Do not treat transaction v1 as a later chapter for protocol implementers. Every serious Toccata developer eventually touches it.

Version 1 changes three things that show up immediately in application design:

an input carries compute_budget instead of v0 sig_op_count;
an output may carry CovenantBinding { authorizing_input, covenant_id };
non-native user lanes and non-zero gas become available for based app activity.

It also separates three hash contexts:

transaction v1

txid
identity

tx::hash
block commitment

sighash
spender intent

excludes signatures,
mass, compute budget

includes full encoding,
mass, compute budget

signs covered outputs,
not compute budget

Continue with Transaction V1.

How to read this book

The book is arranged as a reading sequence rather than a protocol spec.

Covenant State

Start here: P2SH state, covenant lineage, auth groups, cov groups, and indexer implications.

Transaction V1

The field layout, txid split, compute budgets, covenant bindings, user lanes, and gas.

Script Pricing

How compute budgets become script units, and why hashes, stack growth, signatures, and proofs cost what they cost.

Silverscript

The main covenant authoring path: state, macros, generated wrappers, and reviewable transition patterns.

Inline ZK

Classic covenants that verify proofs directly, useful for hidden transitions or specialized checks.

Based Apps

L1 ordered user operations, off-chain execution, lane proofs, and settlement covenants.

If you are using coding agents, read Agent Brief early and attach it to implementation tasks. It tells an agent which mental model not to miss: validate the next output, respect covenant IDs, do not invent account-state assumptions, and check the exact repo behavior before making protocol claims.

If you are making an architecture call, read Decision Guide after the first three chapters. The core decision is usually about shared state: whether the app can be split into many parallel UTXOs, whether it needs occasional coordinated transitions, or whether it really wants an off-chain state machine with proof-based settlement.

Status notes

This guide uses present-tense language for Toccata consensus features because they are mainnet-active. Tooling status is different:

Silverscript is the primary higher-level covenant language. Treat it as the recommended covenant authoring direction while checking release and audit status.
Argent is an experimental actor-style frontend for multi-contract covenant apps. The likely long-term framing is that Argent-like constructs become the multi-contract precompilation layer of the Silverscript toolchain.
vprogs is an evolving Rust runtime for based computation and RISC Zero proving. Its repo is a source of patterns, not yet a stable external developer API.
Terms you will keep seeing
Term	Meaning
Covenant	a script-controlled UTXO whose spend validates the next output layout and state transition
Covenant ID	a 32-byte consensus-tracked lineage identifier carried by covenant UTXOs
P2SH state pattern	encoding state in the redeem script preimage and committing to it through a P2SH hash
Compute budget	version 1 per-input execution budget, priced into script units
Script unit	the runtime meter for script execution
User lane	a version 1 subnetwork ID with a 4-byte namespace and 16 zero bytes; reserved [x, 19 zero bytes] system IDs are not user lanes
Gas	a version 1 lane gas commitment for user-lane admission
Seqcommit	the chain-block sequencing commitment exposed to script
Inline ZK	a covenant that verifies a proof directly as part of its spend
Based app	an off-chain app state machine whose user operations are ordered on Kaspa L1 and whose state transitions settle through a covenant proof

Covenant State

How Toccata covenants encode state, validate transitions, use covenant IDs, and scale from single contracts to multi-contract flows.